Storage Mining update (#1183)
filecoin-project/specs: content/systems/filecoin_mining/storage_mining/mining_cycle/index.md

# Storage Mining Cycle

> Block miners should constantly be performing Proofs of SpaceTime using [Election PoSt](election_post), and checking the outputted partial tickets to run [Leader Election](expected_consensus#secret-leader-election) and determine whether they can propose a block at each epoch. Epochs are currently set to take 30 seconds, in order to account for election PoSt and network propagation around the world.

Reviewer: We need to remove all the reference to Election Post here as well.

I would write something like: 

"Block miners should constantly, at each epoch, be checking if they win the leader election protocol [Leader Election](expected_consensus#secret-leader-election) and in case hey are elected, determine whether they can propose a block running the Winning PoSt. Epochs are currently set to take 30 seconds, in order to account for Winning PoSt and network propagation around the world.

Here we provide a detailed description of the mining cycle.

## Active Miner Mining Cycle

In order to mine blocks on the Filecoin blockchain a miner must be running [Block Validation](block) at all times, keeping track of recent blocks received and the heaviest current chain (based on [Expected Consensus](expected_consensus)).

With every new tipset, the miner can use their committed power to attempt to craft a new block.

> For additional details around how consensus works in Filecoin, see [Expected Consensus](expected_consensus). For the purposes of this section, there is a consensus protocol (Expected Consensus) that guarantees a fair process for determining what blocks have been generated in a round, whether a miner is eligible to mine a block, and other rules pertaining to the production of some artifacts required of valid blocks (e.g. Tickets, ElectionPoSt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional details around how consensus works in Filecoin, see [Expected Consensus](expected_consensus). For the purposes of this section, there is a consensus protocol (Expected Consensus) that guarantees a fair process for determining what blocks have been generated in a round, whether a miner is eligible to mine a block, and other rules pertaining to the production of some artifacts required of valid blocks (e.g. Tickets, WinningPoSt).
```

If a miner detects [Storage Faults](faults#storage-faults) among their sectors (any sort of storage failure that would prevent them from crafting a PoSt), they should declare these faults with the `DeclareTemporaryFaults()` method of the Storage Miner Actor. 

> The miner will be unable to craft valid PoSts over faulty sectors, thereby reducing their chances of being elected to mine a block (i.e., winning ElectionPoSt). By declaring a fault, the miner will no longer be challenged on that sector, and will lose power accordingly. The miner can specify how long the duration of their TemporaryFault and pay a TemporaryFaultFee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The miner will be unable to craft valid PoSts over faulty sectors, thereby reducing their chances of being able to create a valid block (i.e., adding a Winning PoSt). By declaring a fault, the miner will no longer be challenged on that sector, and will lose power accordingly. The miner can specify how long the duration of their TemporaryFault and pay a TemporaryFaultFee.
```

> A miner will no longer be able to declare faults after being challenged for a SurprisePoSt.

Reviewer: Remove the last paragraph. 
~A miner will no longer be able to declare faults after being challenged for a SurprisePoSt.~

If a miner detects [Storage Faults](faults#storage-faults) among their sectors (any sort of storage failure that would prevent them from crafting a PoSt), they should declare these faults with the `DeclareTemporaryFaults()` method of the Storage Miner Actor. 

> The miner will be unable to craft valid PoSts over faulty sectors, thereby reducing their chances of being able to create a valid block (i.e., adding a Winning PoSt). By declaring a fault, the miner will no longer be challenged on that sector, and will lose power accordingly. The miner can specify how long the duration of their TemporaryFault and pay a TemporaryFaultFee.

Reviewer 2: There is no more TemporaryFault or TemporaryFaultFee. Suggest removing the last sentence.
